[DOCS] Security Navigation changes (#823)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/machine-learning/machine-learning.asciidoc

using a *{ess-trial}[cloud deployment]*, or are testing out a *Free Trial*.

You can view the details of detected anomalies within the `Anomalies` table
widget shown on the Hosts, Network, and associated details pages, or even narrow

> to the specific date range of an anomaly from the `Max Anomaly Score` details

Author: ```suggestion
to the specific date range of an anomaly from the `Max anomaly score by job` details
```

> in the overview of the Host and IP Details pages. These interfaces also

Author: I see what you mean. I think this needs a little revision, not just cap/no-cap. Plus I just noticed that the field name in the preceding line is actually `Max anomaly score by job`.
```suggestion
in the overview of the details pages of hosts and IPs. These interfaces also
```
